# 13.7 参考文献

<br>

[1] Opdyke,William F.“Refactoring Object-Oriented Frameworks." Ph.D. diss., University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Also available as Technical Report UIUCDCS-R-92-1759,Department of Computer Science,University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.

[2] Brooks, Fred. “No Silver Bullet:Essence and Accidents of Software Engineering."In Information Processing 1986:Proceedings of the IFIP Tenth World Computing Conference,edited by H.-L.Kugler.Amsterdam:Elsevier,1986.

[3]Foote,Brian,and William F.Opdyke.“Lifecycle and Refactoring Patterns That Support Evolution and Reuse."In Pattern Languages of Program Desig, edited by J. Coplien and D.Schmidt.Reading,Mass.:Addison-Wesley,1995.

[4]Johnson,Ralph E.,and Brian Foote."Designing Reusable Classes.”Journal of Object-Oriented Programming 1(1988):22-35.

[5] Rochat,Roxanna.“In Search of Good Smalltalk Programming Style.”Technical report CR-86-19,Tektronix,1986.

[6] Lieberherr, Karl J., and Ian M.Holland. “Assuring Good Style For Object-Oriented Programs."IEEE Software(September 1989)38-48.

[7] Wirfs-Brock,Rebecca,Brian Wilkerson,and Luaren Wiener.Design Object- Oriented Software.Upper Saddle River,N.J.:Prentice Hall,1990.

[8] Gamma,Erich,Richard Helm,Ralph Johnson,and John Vlissides. Design Patterns: Elements of Reusable Object-Oriented Software. Reading,Mass.: Addison-Wesley,1985.

[9] Opdyke,William F.,and Ralph E. Johnson.“Creating Abstract Superclasses by Refactoring."In Proceedings of CSC '93: The ACM 1993 Computer Science Conference. 1993.

[10] Roberts, Don, John Brant, Ralph Johnson, and William Opdyke."An Automated Refactoring Tool." In Proceedings of ICAST 96:12th International Conference on Advanced Science and Technology. 1996

[11] Roberts, Don, John Brant, and Ralph E. Johnson. "A Refactoring Tool for Smalltalk." TAPOS 3(1997) 39-42.

[12] Opdyke, William F., and Ralph E.Johnson." Refactoring: An Aid in Designing Application Frameworks and Evolving Object-Oriented Systems." In Proceedings of SOOPPA '90: Symposium on Object-Oriented Programming Emphasizing Practical Applications. 1990

[13] Johnson, Ralph E.. and William F. OPdyke. "Refactoring and Aggregation." In Proceedings of ISOTAS '93: International Symposium on Object Technologies for Advanced software. 1993

[14] Opdyke, William, and Don Roberts. "Refactoring." Tutorial presented at OOPSLA 95: 10th Annual Conference on Object-Oriented Program Systems, Languages and Applications, Austin, Texas, October 1995.

[15] Opdyke, William, and Don Roberts. "Refactoring Object-Oriented Software to Support Evolution and Reuse." Tutorial presented at OOPSLA 96: 1ith Annua Conference on Object-Oriented Program Systems, Languages and Applications, San Jose. California. October 1996

[16] Perry, Dewayne E.. and Gail E.Kaiser. "Adequate Testing and Object-Oriented Programming." Journal of Object-Oriented Programming (1990).

[17] Banerjee, Jay, and Won Kim. "Semantics and Implementation of Schema Evolution in Obiect-Oriented Databases." In Proceedings of the ACM SIGMOD Conference, 1987

[18] Proceedings of OOPSLA 96: Conference on Object-Oriented Progranming Systems, Languages and Applications. San Jose, California, October 1996

[19]Report on WISR'97:Eighth Annual Workshop on Software Reuse, Columbus, Ohio, March 1997. ACM sofiware Engineering Notes. (1997)

[20] Beck, Kent, Grady Booch, Jim Coplien, Ralph Johnson, and Bill Opdyke. "Bevond the Hype: Do Patterns and Frameworks Reduce Discovery Costs?" Panel session at OOPSLA 97: 12th Annual Conference on Obiect-Oriented Program Systems, Languages and Applications, Atlanta, Georgia, October 1997.

[21] Kane, David, William Opdyke, and David Dikel. "Managing Change to Reusable Software." Paper presented at PLoP 97: 4th Annual Conference on the Pattern Languages of Programs, Monticello, Ilinois, September 1997.

[22] Davis, Maggie, Martin L. Griss, Luke Hohmann, lan Hopper, Rebecca Joos and William F. Opdyke. "Software Reuse:Nemesis or Nirvana?" Panel session at OOPSLA 98: 13th Annual Conference on Object-Oriented Program Systems,Languages and Applications, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, October 1998

[23] Moore, Geoffrey A. Cross the Chasm: Marketing and Selling Technology Products to Mainstream Customers. New York: HarperBusiness, 1991.

<br>

